README.c2a.md, before:

##### License

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

##### Build Instructions for Linux
- See the README.md for dependencies

- Compiling has to be done like this now (from vsomeip_c2a directory):

mkdir build -p && cd build && rm CMakeCache.txt CMakeFiles -rf && cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH="${PWD}" -DENABLE_SIGNAL_HANDLING=1 -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug .. && make -j4

cd examples

make clean all && cd -

- now you have examples in bin/ and libs in lib/ of your build/ directory. 
- note that the ../config dir will be copied over in setup.sh scripts 

***NOTE:* This is mainly used as submodule of modular_network_simulator.**

**So setup/build scripts and module .json would now take care of the below**

- Change the unicast at the top and 'routing' of vsomeip-local.<your test>.json to your device's IP and the application name you're running on it.

- Add the multicast routes from this config with 'sudo route add -nv XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX <nic>'

- export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<path to local above>/lib

- env VSOMEIP_APPLICATION_NAME=<app name> VSOMEIP_CONFIGURATION=<path to vsomeip-local.json>


-- Quick notes on setting up two client to use 'capturable' sockets (not "native" sockets) when run on the same host.
1) create a dummy interface, define 127.0.0.2/8 for it
2) [maybe unnecessary, check]  define 127.0.0.1/8 forcibly for your native lo
3) add your multicast routes to both
4) use separate config .jsons for vsomeip apps. the the "routing" section can be removed, or set for each app to itself.
5) add "network" param on top level, with distinct names, like "network":"0" and "network":"1" in the two .jsons

Commit message:

Added "plain" samples to use with single PARAMETER service - mostly finished but still need .plain. json configs

README.c2a.md, after:

##### License

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

##### Build Instructions for Linux
- See the README.md for dependencies

- Compiling has to be done like this now (from vsomeip_c2a directory):

mkdir build -p && cd build && rm CMakeCache.txt CMakeFiles -rf && cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH="${PWD}" -DENABLE_SIGNAL_HANDLING=1 -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug .. && make -j4

cd examples

make clean all && cd -

- now you have examples in bin/ and libs in lib/ of your build/ directory. 
- note that the ../config dir will be copied over in setup.sh scripts 

***NOTE:* This is mainly used as submodule of modular_network_simulator.**

**So setup/build scripts and module .json would now take care of the below**

- Change the unicast at the top and 'routing' of vsomeip-local.<your test>.json to your device's IP and the application name you're running on it.

- Add the multicast routes from this config with 'sudo route add -nv XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX <nic>'

- export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<path to local above>/lib

- env VSOMEIP_APPLICATION_NAME=<app name> VSOMEIP_CONFIGURATION=<path to vsomeip-local.json>


-- Quick notes on setting up two client to use 'capturable' sockets (not "native" sockets) when run on the same host.
1) add two IP addresses on your loopback interface:
   sudo ip addr add 127.0.0.2/8 dev lo
   sudo ip addr add 127.0.0.3/8 dev lo
2) add your multicast routes to lo:
   sudo route add 224.244.224.245 lo
4) you can use reduced config for the client, or same config for both.
   service has to be defined for the sake of its port -
   maybe one day I'll overcome this.
5) you can add "network" param on top level, with distinct names,
   like "network":"0" and "network":"1"
   in the two .jsons, and distinct
   "unicast" : "127.0.0.2" / "unicast" : "127.0.0.2"
   if you use separate ones.
6) don't specify network and unicast if you're using the same .json.
   instead, prepend VSOMEIP_NETWORK=vsomeip0 VSOMEIP_UNICAST_ADDRESS=127.0.0.2 and
   VSOMEIP_NETWORK=vsomeip1 VSOMEIP_UNICAST_ADDRESS=127.0.0.3 to env for your respective apps
